Manual release: add clean-up instructions (pre-build) (#308)
jupyterlab/extension-cookiecutter-ts: {{cookiecutter.python_name}}/RELEASE.md

hatch version <new-version>
```

Make sure to clean up all the development files before building the package:

```bash
jlpm clean:all
```

> And also clean up the local git repository:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You could also clean up the local git repository:
```
